README.md, before:

# Tauriless

Run a Tauri-like application without installation.

## Warning

This workspace is a temporary solution to the problem of running Tauri-like applications without installation. It is not a replacement for Tauri, and it is not a long-term solution. It is a workaround for the time being. Also, a small API breakage is expected soon.

The public API for `tauriless` consists of two parts:

* `tauriless` crate for Core process of [`wry`](https://crates.io/crates/wry), which is a cross-platform WebView rendering library,
* `tauriless-js` JavaScript/TypeScript `npm` library for the WebView process of `wry` application.

## Tauirless crate

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tauriless)](https://crates.io/crates/tauriless)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/tauriless.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/tauriless)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/tauriless/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/tauriless)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/tauriless)](https://crates.io/crates/tauriless)

See [tauriless](./tauriless).

## Tauriless-js npm package

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tauriless-js)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tauriless-js)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/tauriless-js)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tauriless-js)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/tauriless-js)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tauriless-js)

Commit message:

Prepared for publishing versions with updated READMEs

README.md, after:

# Tauriless

Run a Tauri-like application without installation.

## Warnings

This workspace is a temporary solution to the problem of running Tauri-like applications without installation. It is not a replacement for Tauri, and it is not a long-term solution. It is a workaround for the time being. Also, a small API breakage is expected soon.

Also, the library was tested only for Windows and is not guaranteed to work on other platforms. If you want to help with testing on other platforms, please open an issue.

## Usage

The public API for `tauriless` consists of two parts:

* `tauriless` crate for Core process of [`wry`](https://crates.io/crates/wry), which is a cross-platform WebView rendering library,
* `tauriless-js` JavaScript/TypeScript `npm` library for the WebView process of `wry` application.

### Tauirless crate

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tauriless)](https://crates.io/crates/tauriless)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/tauriless.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/tauriless)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/tauriless/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/tauriless)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/tauriless)](https://crates.io/crates/tauriless)

See [tauriless](./tauriless) directory.

### Tauriless-js npm package

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tauriless-js)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tauriless-js)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/tauriless-js)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tauriless-js)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/tauriless-js)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tauriless-js)

See [tauriless-js](./tauriless-js) directory.
